Manages tar archives

A tar archive is a file collection represented by a single "tar" file. They're
used for backups and distributing collections of files. The files comprising a
software package are often offered for download as `tar` archives.

## Creating Archives
Note: In all of the following examples the tar archive being created will be
overwritten if it already exists.

* `tar -cvf file.tar dir/` - Create a tar archive called `file.tar` that
contains the contents of directory `dir/`.
* `tar -cvf ~/pictures.tar ~/Photos/*.png` - Create a tar archive called
`pictures.tar` in the user's home directory containing the .png files in the
their `~/Photos` directory.
* `tar -cjvf file.tar.bz2 dir/` - Creates a tar archive called `file.tar.bz2`
which contains `dir/` and is compressed with `bzip2`.
* `tar -czvf file.tar.gz dir/` - Creates a tar archive called `file.tar.gz`
which contains `dir/` and is compressed with `gzip`.

## Extracting Archives
* `tar -xzvf file.tar.gz` - Extract the contents of gzipped tar archive
`file.tar.gz` into the current directory. In this example the tar archive has
been compressed with `gzip`, so we use the `-z` switch to indicate that it
should be uncompressed with `gzip` before extracting its contents.
* `tar -xjvf file.tar.bz2` - As above, but this time the archive has been
compressed with `bzip2`, so the `-j` switch is used to uncompress it.

## Listing Archives
* `tar -tvf file.tar` - Lists the files and directories contained within
`file.tar`.
* `tar -tzvf file.tar.gz` - Lists the files and directories contained within
the gzip'd `file.tar.gz`.

## Adding to Archives
Note: `tar` cannot update compressed archives, so in this case you'll need to
extract the archive, add the new files to the same directory, then create a
new archive.
 
* `tar -rvf file.tar file2` - Appends `file2` to the tar archive `file.tar`,
i.e. add a new file to an existing archive.
